Chunk outside function (#311)
mercator-ocean/copernicus-marine-toolbox: doc/usage/subset-usage.rst

This might create a lot of overhead if you are working with a lot of small chunks and ``dask``.
Please see the `dask documentation <https://docs.dask.org/en/stable/best-practices.html#avoid-very-large-graphs>`_ for the details.

> Hence, by default the Copernicus Marine Toolbox will use the default chunks that the dataset is saved with.

Reviewer: Remember that we are talking here (for this option) of the **dask chunks**! Zarr chunks should not really appear except that they are taken into consideration when calculating the chunking

This might create a lot of overhead if you are working with a lot of small chunks and ``dask``.
Please see the `dask documentation <https://docs.dask.org/en/stable/best-practices.html#avoid-very-large-graphs>`_ for the details.

> Hence, by default is set to -1 which behaves similarly to 'chunks=auto' from `xarray <https://docs.xarray.dev/en/stable/generated/xarray.open_dataset.html>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default is `-1`, which behaves similarly to 'chunks=auto' from ```xarray.open_dataset`` <https://docs.xarray.dev/en/stable/generated/xarray.open_dataset.html>`_ function.
```

You should check if the `` works there

In some cases, you might want to change this behaviour. For example, if you have a really large dataset
to download and you have great computing power you might want to increase the chunk size.

> You can also get back to the default chunking by setting the chunk size to -1.

Reviewer: Don't think this sentence is necessary
